npm init -y- to intialise npm in our project. package.json are installed
npm install -D parcel- to install parcel for dev dependency.
npx parcel index.html - to execute
dev build is done, parcel cache is installed.
npm install react- installs react, import react and react dom from React, type=module in <script>
package-lock- locks the version of react used. 
^ caret ~ tilde automatically update to the latest version 


Parcel is a bundler.
creates a server
Hot Module Replacement (HMR)- updating the web page as soon as we save the code. It is done by parcel
File watcher algorithm does HMR written in C++
Bundling
minified 
removes all console logs/ cleaning our code
super fast build algorithm
dev and production build
Image optimization (not coming from backend)
caching while development 
compression of files
compatible with older versions of browsers (polyfils converts newer versions of code into older version for the browsers to understand)
enables HTTPS on dev machine (npx parcel index.html --https)
manages Port number
put parcel-cache, dist, node-modules in gitignore 
consistent hashing algorithm to cache and bundling
zero config bundler
Code splitting
Tree shaking- removing unwanted code

Q. why is react fast-- (1)react dom (2)bundlers (3)reconcilliation

Q. transitive dependencies-- package manager has dependency that are dependend on other dependencies (dependency tree)

Q. Advantages of using JSX: 
(1) readability
(2) developer's experience 
(3) syntactical sugar
(4) maintainability
(5) less code 
(6) no repetition

JSX uses babel behind the scenes.

JSX will have only one parent div.
 
Babel is a transplier/ complier that converts JSX into React.createElement.

Q. What are React elements?
React elements are Js variables that returns a Js Object. 

Q. What are  React Components? 
2 types- functional, class based

(1) Functional components are Js function that returns an element or a composition of elements.

Q. <Title/> <=> {Title()} when calling one component inside another
If it is a normal element/variable, while calling it inside another component {title}

Q. Calling one component inside another is called as Component composition/Nested Components.  

Q. Key reconcilliation - a unique key for React to differentiate between children(divs) of the same parent, so that it will only re-render/update the specific div where changes were made.

Q. You pass in arguments, you receive parameters.
function fn(param1, param2){} 
fn("arguments")

Q. Virtual DOM - representation of actual DOM in our code for reconcilliation algorithm.

Q.Reconcilliation - uses diff algorithm to differentiate from one tree(actual DOM) to another(virtual DOM) and determines what needs to be updated.

Q. React Fiber- reconcilliation engine in React 16 is responsible for diff

Q. Why we don't use index as a key?- negatively affects the performance but can be used only if there is no unique key available

Q. Config driven UI 

Q. A hook is a normal JS function

Q. useState creates local State variables.

Q. 2 way binding- RJs
